Last week on "Full House.."
Guess where I'm playing
next weekend with the Rippers.
Disney World.
I booked us
in the honeymoon suite.
We're coming
to Florida with you.
- No, you're not.
- 'Yes, we are!'
Are you gonna ask Vicky
to marry you, dad?
Vicky, would you..
[trumpet music]
This is amazing.
Jessy and Joey doing their
'radio show from underwater.'
Step right up
and rub the magic lamp.
The lucky boy or girl
who makes the genie appear
will be granted three wishes
and be crowned prince
or princess for the day.
That was supposed
to be your turn.
Really?
I didn't notice.
This princess thing's
out of control.
'She's getting
way too bossy.'
Who needs them?
We lost our little sister.
'Michelle!
Michelle!'
[theme music]
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold onto ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost out there ♪
♪ And you are all alone ♪
♪ Light is waiting
to carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[peppy music]
You having fun,
little sister?
I'm loving it.
Do you think I'm bossy?
Not you, princess.
Let's hear it
for the princess.
[applause]
Well, there you are,
princess.
[gasps]
Snow White.
We heard you ran away
from your sisters.
They had a bad attitude.
Well, I'm glad I found you.
I still have
two wishes left, right?
That's right.
Then, I wish I could
have a tea party
with Mickey and Minnie,
and all their friends.
You're the princess.
You're the only one
who understands me.
Very well.
Come along, princess.
- Bye-bye.
- Thanks, guys.
[water splashes]
(Jesse)
'That's it. That's a wrap
for the "Rush Hour Renegades."'
'Coming to you live
from Epcot Center'
in the world's largest bowl
of clam chowder.
I'm Jesse Katsopolis.
And Joey Gladstone.
B-la-ye b-la-ye,
San Francisco-bla-da-la-lup.
- Good show.
(Jesse)
Alright. This is perfect.
You know what I'm going
go take Becky in this
nice, romantic cruise
on the lagoon.
You know, it's our anniversary,
so we get a little romance card
so let's go, I gotta
get out of here.
Jess, I'm not
going anywhere.
There's a shark.
Where? There's
no sharks in here.
Probably a flounder
with an overbite.
Listen, Joseph, I know
what a shark looks like
and that..
- That's a shark.
(Joey)
'Does he look hungry to you?'
You know a what, the shark's
probably a vegetarian.
Ah, I'm sorry, Jess.
Ever since I was a kid,
I've been afraid of sharks.
I mean, some people
are afraid of the dark
some people are afraid
of heights
some people are afraid of eggs.
Joey, just relax.
There's got..
Eggs?
Listen, I'm leaving,
I'm going to swim to the top
and I am going to get you
a skin-diving shrink, okay?
Jess!
Joey, you really are freaked out
about this, huh?.
(Joey)
'Alright, let me just say,
I'm not clutching you'
'because I love your cologne.'
I know what
you're thinking.
My husband's
45 minutes late
but he's coming!
It's our anniversary.
He won't disappoint me.
You guys like
chicken salad?
Share that.
'Hey, no fighting.'
Guys, he's afraid of sharks,
what am I supposed to do?
Oh, man, Jess,
I'm starvin'.
Hey, if we order a pizza,
you think that 30 minutes
delivery thing
applies underwater?
I'm sure it still applies,
I mean, they can get the pizza
over here in 30 minutes,
it's just you know
they can bring the pizza
and then the cardboard box
will get all soggy and..
Ah, what am I doing?
I'm starting to get water
in the brain listening to you.
Listen, I am leaving, okay?
Becky is waiting for me.
Now, Joseph, it's time
for you to face your fears
and find out
what you're made of.
What if I'm made
of shark food?
Sit down and
put on your fins.
Get off my leg.
There he is.
There he is!
(Joey)
'Oh, it's dinnertime.
We're not going to make it.'
- We are not gonna make it.
- We made it.
Told you we can make it.
Ow!
(Michelle)
'Hi, guys. Thanks for coming.'
Well, you got
your wish, princess.
Shall we start the party?
I changed my mind.
Can I please have my wish back?
What's wrong?
Isn't this what you wanted?
It's awesome,
but it'll be more awesome
if my family was here.
I'm sorry you're sad, princess.
Daddy!
'Oh, Michelle.'
Oh, come here, you.
Ooh!
We were so worried
about you.
Michelle, you know
you're not supposed
to wander off by yourself.
But daddy I was so mad.
Well, that's no excuse.
We're gonna have a long
talk about this later.
But daddy I'm the princess
and nobody would do
what I told them.
Sounds like you were
trying to be the boss.
The princess is the boss.
Bruce Springsteen
is the boss.
Michelle, a good princess
is fair and kind.
That's what makes
people love her.
I'm sorry.
You guys want to come
to my party?
O-oh, we'd love to.
Thank you.
- Oh, this is fabulous.
- Oh, it is.
Hi, everybody.
Good to see you.
Do you believe this,
we spend our whole day
looking for Michelle,
and then she gets a party.
I ask you, Pinocch,
where's the justice?
- Ooh, we're drinking tea.
- Oh, it is.
Hi, everybody.
Hey, guys, have you
seen my wife?
I was supposed
to meet her here.
She had that, "my husband's
late for our anniversary
and I'm gonna kill him look."
Have you seen her?
You have.
Where, where is she?
The hotel? Good.
Is that my picnic basket?
Give, give, give, give,
give me that.
Rodents.
Becky!
Come on, Beck,
I'm sor..
♪ For the times ♪
♪ We're at odds ♪
♪ Here's a kiss ♪
♪ From my heart ♪
♪ And a breath ♪
♪ In your ear ♪
♪ Tellin' you
I'm sorry ♪
♪ For the times ♪
♪ We're apart ♪
♪ Here's a kiss ♪
♪ With a tear ♪
♪ And a heart ♪
♪ Full of love ♪
♪ Tellin' you
I'm so sorry ♪
♪ O-oh o-oo ♪
♪ O-oo o-oh ♪♪
["Indiana Jones" theme music]
(female #1)
'Let's hear it for our extras.
They were wonderful.'
Alright!
'Oh, yeah!'
Go ahead, give yourselves
a round of applause.
You are a great audience.
Enjoy the show, everybody.
[pager beeps]
Excuse me, that's me.
I mean that's not me,
it's my beeper.
I have to call my office.
- Okay, hurry back.
- Okay.
So?
So what?
So, have you
asked Vicky yet?
You mean to marry me?
No. To ride Dumbo,
the flying elephant.
I've been trying
to ask her all day
but I keep getting
interrupted.
But I'm gonna do it.
I think I finally figured out
a way that nobody can interrupt.
["Indiana Jones" theme music]
[rumble]
Indiana Jones is
so brave and handsome.
He reminds me of Steve.
Huey, Dewey, and Louie
remind you of Steve.
[dramatic music]
[screaming]
I love you, D.J.!
[audience gasps]
Steve, no!
No...one...thinks
you're really here.
Come here, sweetie.
We still have some
quality princess time left
and lot more rides to check out,
what do you say?
I say let's do it.
Oh, dad, uh, would you mind
taking me back to the hotel?
Joey's there
with the twins.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm just kind of tired.
Well, you had a big day.
Not as big as Michelle's.
What was that, sweetheart?
I said everything's going swell.
'Okay, Steph,
but we're going to miss ya.'
[instrumental music]
[screaming]
[laughing]
(D.J.)
That was really fun.
I liked splash mountain.
- That was lots of fun.
- I thought it was really cool.
Oh, my gosh.
I must be really losing it.
'Now that guy checking in
looks like Steve.'
If you're going crazy,
I'm going crazy with you.
He really does
look like Steve.
D.J.!
Oh, my gosh.
He knows my name.
It is Steve!
Oh.
Steve, I missed you
so much.
I kept seeing you
everywhere.
I kept seeing you, too.
At the supermarket,
I saw your face
in a cauliflower
and then at the sizzler
I saw you in my cheese toast.
And that's when I knew
that I just had to see you.
I mean, here in person,
not in my side dish.
Steve, I love you.
I love you, too.
Steph.
Hey, Steph, the parade's
going to start.
Don't you wanna watch
Michelle get to ride in a float?
Why'd she have to cut
in front of me in line?
I should have been
the princess.
I'm sick of her always
getting her own way.
Hey, Steph,
hold on for just a second.
We gotta talk
about this, okay?
Hey, Steph, I know
you feel a little cheated
about what happened today,
but you also cheated yourself
out of a heck a lot of fun.
I did, didn't I?
I missed all
my favorite rides.
Oh, when Michelle
was missing today
how'd that make you feel?
I was scared.
I was so worried something
happened to her.
You know why you felt like that?
I don't know.
I guess I love her.
Look, I know you're angry
at Michelle today, Steph.
But you can't let
those bad feelings
take away from all
the good feelings you have.
Okay, I'll try.
Attagirl.
Thanks, Joey.
Stephanie,
I bet you can't guess
what my third wish is.
Bet you're right,
but I'm sure it's something
that will make
you very happy.
No, it's something that will
make you very happy.
I wish my sister Stephanie
can be the princess
and ride in the parade.
Me? You mean it?
I was thinking you
should have been
the princess anyways.
Thanks, Michelle.
But, really, I couldn't.
Okay.
But...if you insist.
'It's beautiful.'
Wow! Thanks.
I have a special surprise.
Because Michelle was
such an unselfish princess
your whole family
can ride in the parade.
Alright!
Come on.
Let's go.
(Michelle)
'This will be fun.'
♪ Everybody on the street ♪
♪ Join into the conga line ♪
♪ Join into the Latin beat ♪
♪ Come join us
one and all ♪
♪ Everyone happy
as can be... ♪
Look over there.
Can you wave?
Look it.
Hey, there's Mickey
over there.
♪ Join us ♪
Hey, hey!
♪ Oo la la oo la la ♪
This is so much fun!
Hi!
Okay, crank with me,
Goofy. There.
Alright. Whoo!
[upbeat music]
Thanks, Michelle.
This was unbelievable.
No problem.
[music continues]
♪ Oo way ee oo ♪
♪ Oo way ee oo ♪♪
♪ I got the hippie
hippie shakes ♪
♪ Yeah I got the shakes ♪
♪ I got the hippie
hippie shakes ♪
♪ Whoa the hippie
hippie shake ♪
hippie shake ♪♪
[upbeat music]
Yes, San Francisco,
live from Disney World
that was Jesse
and the Rippers.
And, uh, hey, Snow, how the heck
did you like that song?
- It was wonderful.
- Oh, it certainly was.
I think I even saw
Captain Hook shaking
a little booty
on that one, huh?
This next song is for
dreamers everywhere.
Happy anniversary, honey.
♪ A dream is a wish
your heart makes ♪
♪ When you're fast asleep ♪
♪ In dreams you lose
your heartaches ♪
♪ Whatever you wish for
you keep ♪
Uh, Vicky..
Vicky, do you know
that, uh, that thing
I've been trying to
ask you about all day?
Yes.
Danny, look,
isn't that wonderful?
Someone is trying to ask
someone named Vicky..
Oh, my..
My name is Vicky.
And my name is someone.
No. My name is Danny.
No. Um..
Vicky...look.
I love you.
Will you marry me?
Oh, Danny.
Yes.
Yes, I'll marry you.
You, you said yes?
Yes, you just said?
You said..
Girls, she just said yes.
She said yes.
- Really?
- Alright!
[instrumental music]
♪ Have faith in your dreams
and someday ♪
♪ Your rainbow will come
shining through ♪
♪ No matter how your heart
is grievin' ♪
♪ If you keep on believin' ♪
♪ The dream that you wish
will come true ♪
will come ♪
♪ True ♪♪
[music continues]
♪ Ahhh ahh ahh ahhh ♪
[theme music]
(male narrator)
"Full House" is produced
by Jeff Franklin Productions.
With Miller Boyett Productions.
In association
with Loeimar Television.